QStat version 2.3a BETA
April 19, 1999

Lots of changes and additions in this release, far more than I have
patience to test.  Please try this release with your web page, stats
program, server browser, and what not.  If you encounter any problems
_please_ send me email!  Flames on my sloppy coding are acceptable.

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Complete Half-Life support (players and server rules)
Half-Life master server		(option -hlm)
Tribes servers			(option -tbs)
Tribes master server		(option -tbm)
Shogo				(option -sgs)
Hex player colors		(option -hc)
Several new template variables
Created server types table to simplify code

Bug Fixes
---------
Servers without "hostname" rule appeared to TIMEOUT
One or two other boo-boos

Incompatible
------------
The option "-qw" has been removed.  Please use "-qwm" instead.

New variables for output templates
----------------------------------
Generic variables
$(DEFAULTTYPE)	Full name of the default server type (-default)
Server variables
$(ISEMPTY)	True if the server has no players
$(ISFULL)	True if the server is full of players
Player variables
$(PACKETLOSS)	Players packets loss (Tribes only)
$(ISTEAM)	True if this player represents a team (Tribes only)
$(TEAMNAME)	Name of this player's team (Tribes only)

Notes
-----
Many thanks to the following for their assistance:
zarjazz@barrysworld.com			Tribes
seb@club-internet.fr, carl@d-n-a.net	Shogo
sean@msiconsulting.com			Half-Life

Thanks to the many people who have sent suggestions for improvements.
I've incorporated some of them in this release, more will follow in
later releases.

This release was focused on supporting popular new games and making
it easier to add new games to the code.  The backlog of new games
support is now empty.  If there's a game you would like to see
supported, please send email.  The Linux game BFRIS
(http://www.aegistech.com) is the only planned new game support.

Steve, steve@activesw.com
