QStat version 2.4a
Oct 5, 2000

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Support for Gamespy master [-gsm]
Support for "Gamespy style" protocol queries (adds 12+ games) [-gsm and -gps]
More server sort options [-sort]
Player sort options [-sort]
Option to set the output file [-of]
Quake 3 master query argument; can query by protocol version

Other Improvements
------------------
Way way way faster
Fixed Q3 master server queries
Fixed queries of SoF 1.05 servers
Servers now queried in the order provided to QStat (was reverse order)
Fixed ^ display in Q3 player names
Partial fix for '\' in player names
Players now displayed in the order the server reports them (was reverse order)
Rules now displayed in the order the server reports them (was reverse order)
Server variables can be referenced inside player templates
Fixed raw display of SoF servers
Improved HalfLife queries; fetches sv_type and sv_os server rules
Much much much faster

New template variables
----------------------
$IF:GAMESPYMASTER
$IF:GAMESPYPROTOCOL

Notes
-----
I'm probably treading on some toes with the Gamespy master support.
Someone figured out that the Gamespy server lists are not protected,
and sent me the protocol.  Once I had that, supporting the master was
trivial.  See the documentation for details on using a gamespy master.

Many games are using the Unreal style server status protocol.  Maybe
because there are lots of Unreal engine games.  Or maybe because
developers want Gamespy support, so they use a protocol that Gamespy
already supports.  There are too many of these games to add individual
game types and command-line options.  So I've lumped them together as
"Gamespy Protocol" servers using the game type "GPS".  They all seem
to have a server rule called "gamename" set to the name of the game
(eg. "roguespear", "turok2").

I made a pile of performance improvements to QStat.  Start-up time for
large server lists is very fast.  Queries on large servers lists is
also much faster.  And queries require much less CPU time.  If you
have -maxsim set high to reduce query times, you might see more
server timeouts now.  QStat can spew out packets so fast, you'll see
more packet loss and hence more timeouts.

Thanks
------
Many thanks to the beta testers and contributors.  They provided
bug fixes, bug reports, suggestions, ideas, protocol traces, and
kind words.  I'll spare them the spam by just mentioning real names:

Alex Burger, Conan Ford, Vitaliy Fuks, Mike Dowell, Nico de Vries,
and Jose Ivey


Steve, steve@webmethods.com
