QStat version 2.4d
August 8, 2001

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Half-Life master filters
Names for Quake 3 game types
XML output mode
Broadcast support for Gamespy style protocols
Append output file option [-af]
Option to print carets in Q3 player names [-carets]
OS/2 Warp EMX compiler port
OpenBSD support
Options to specify source ports [-srcport] and source IP address [-srcip]
	for packets sent by qstat.  Handy for getting through firewalls.
	See docs for details.

Fixes
-----
Tribes 2 teamdamage flag
Fixed writing beyond array bounds when reading templates on Windows.
	(maybe this will fix the garbage characters some people see)
Fixed player sorting for games with teams (tribes 1 and 2).
Removed win32/qstat.exe from the tar.gz
Trying the MS C 6.0 compiler again (win32/qstat.exe)
Fixed running QStat from PHP; would crash or give no data

New template variables
----------------------
$CLEARNEWLINES		Convert newlines to spaces in all variable output.
			Handy for Tribes 2 servers with long descriptions.
$GAMETYPE		Quake 3 only - the name of the game type

Thanks
------
Most of this release was contributed by QStat users:

XML output			Simon Garner
Half-Life master filters	Ludwig Nussel
OS/2 Warp EMX			Mikulas Patocka
OpenBSD				subset

A three rail gun salut to ya!

And thanks to Tahi 'Linus' Walcher for helping find the PHP bug.
strace is a thing of the gods.

I was hoping to fix one other problem for Windows users.  QStat is a
command-line style program, so Windows always gives it a console
window.  This is annoying if you're running QStat from a web-page or a
GUI server browser.  I can fix this, but it's not that easy.  In the
mean time, I've added a -noconsole option that will delete the console
as soon as qstat starts.  The effect is that a console window will
flash on the screen briefly.  QStat still runs, you just won't see any
output on screen.  Anyway, I'll craft a real implementation of
-noconsole in the next release.

Steve, steve@qstat.org
