QStat version 2.5b
** UPDATED for 2.5b **
August 8, 2002

Whoops, I broke XQF.  When using QStat raw mode, XQF and other programs
rely on the number of fields returned staying fixed.  I added a game/mod
field to most raw output which breaks these programs.

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Extended -raw with a -raw,game variation that adds the game/mod name to
        the end of the raw server output.  Otherwise, the game/mod info
        is not output in raw mode.

Thanks to Ludwig Nussel for not biting my head off (too much).

Steve, steve@qstat.org


QStat version 2.5a
August 6, 2002

Final version of QStat 2.5a.  Please send feedback and bug reports
to qstat-users@yahoogroups.com or to steve@qstat.org

This version of QStat is being distributed under the Artistic License.
The terms of the license can be found in LICENSE.txt in the QStat package.

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Config file support to define new game types
	This is a major new feature.  This will allow users to define
	new game types and master servers, including setting custom
	request packets.  I expect that support for most new game types
	will be accomplished via config files.
	The default config file is "qstat.cfg".  More game types from
	QStat users can be found in "contrib.cfg".
Added support for "status port offset" to config file; UNS (unreal) has
	this set to 1.  If you extend UNS, the new server type will have
	the same status port offset.
Added a GNUmakefile to support gmake
	Updated COMPILE.txt with new instructions
Improve Half-Life server status; extracts mod information and
	secure status
Add support for server rules template (-Tr file)
	See qstatdoc.html for instructions.
Support broadcast queries for Tribes and Tribes 2
Star Trek: Elite Force server and master (-efs and -efm)
Return to Castle Wolfenstein server and master (-rws and -rwm)
Debug flag (-d)  (uses an improved packet output format)
Support color player names in Soldier of Fortune

Default Config File (qstat.cfg)
-------------------------------
Command and Conquer: Renegade server (-crs)
Soldier of Fortune 2 (-sof2s)
Soldier of Fortune 2 Master (-sof2m)
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault server (-mas)
Medal of Honor: Allied Assault server, Quake 3 protocol (-maqs)
Half-Life "infostring" protocol (-hlqs)
	This is a Quake 2 style protocol

Fixes
-----
Fixed raw output to include the game or mod name as the last item
Fix template to allow numbers, '.' and ' ' in rule names
	Refers to $(RULE:someserverrule)  Allowing space ' ' may
	break existing templates if they use syntax like
		$RULE:maxbullets Max Bullets
	This can be fixed by change it to $(RULE:maxbullets)
	This change was made because SOF2 allows spaces in server rule
	names.
Fix Unreal and Gamespy based servers to support backslashes '\' in
	player names (only partially worked before)
Support Half-Life split packets; this happens to the rules info from
	some Half-Life servers (usually AdminMod and DOD).
XML output; added <?xml ...> element, UTF-8 output option (-utf8)
XML; added <gametype>
Fix crash on broadcast queries
Avoid duplicates in the rule list
Fixed -srcip to put address in the right byte-order
Work-around for crash on Windows when bind() returns temporary error
Finish output when -timeout expires
Changed Q3 based servers to use a two-packet status query; I think
	this gets more accurate mod information.
More accurate player count on Quake based servers
Compiles on OSX/Darwin
Fix one byte overrun on QuakeWorld packet

New template variables
----------------------
$TYPEPREFIX		The server's game type prefix
$RULENAMESPACES		Allow spaces in rule names
$RULETEMPLATE		Invoke the server rule template
$RULENAME		The rule name
$RULEVALUE		The rule value
$(IF:RULENAME(name))	True if rule name equals "name"
$(IF:RULEVALUE(value))	True if rule value equals "value"
(see qstat.cfg for gametype variables)

Thanks
------
Many thanks to all the beta testers for bug reports and feature
suggestions.  There are many to list, but the following provided
significant help:
Kingsley Foreman, Mike Davis, Ludwig Nussel, Pierre Smolarek,
aphax, and Simon Garner.   and I'm sure I forgot someone


Steve, steve@qstat.org
