QStat Version 2.1z BETA
Feb 28, 1998

[ This text can also be found in CHANGES.txt in the release. ]

Summary of New Features
-----------------------
Output templates (HTML generation)
Server sorting
Host name and IP address cache
Support for Quake II master

New Flags
---------
See the documentation (qstatdoc.html) for complete details.

-default server-type
	Set the default server type which should be one of: QS, QW, QWM,
	H2S, Q2, or Q2M.
-Hcache file
	Host name cache file
-sort sort-key
	Sort the servers by the sort-key
	p	sort by ping
	g	sort by game
-Tserver file
	Server output template.  Displayed once per server.
-Tplayer file
	Player output template.  Displayed once per player (if -P is used)
-Theader file
	Header output template.  Displayed once before any servers are output
-Ttrailer file
	Trailer output template.  Displayed once after all servers and players
	are output.
-q2m	Get servers from Quake II master server

Summary of Enhancements
-----------------------
Remove duplicate server addresses before query
Reduce memory usage when -R and/or -P are not specified
Work-around a memory leak in Solaris 2.5
Wait for results from all master servers before starting to query servers
VMS support

Release Notes
-------------
This is a major new release of QStat.  There is over 1400 lines of new
code with all the benefits and drawbacks therein.  I hope you like the
features, but I really hope it's not riddled with bugs.  There might be
some portability issues since I only have access to Solaris, HP-UX, Irix,
and Windows NT.  If you have a problem compiling, please send me a note.

No major new features are planned for 2.1 beyond what you see here.
However, I plan to make enhancements to the sorting and template code
before final release.  Please tell me what is missing.  Obvious
deficiencies include:
- No per-server output files (can't have a server list with a link
  to a page with details about each server).
- Missing $ELSE ($IFNOT is a cheap replacement)
- Flexible $IF expressions would be nice
- The output template variable syntax is kinda lame: you use
  $(IF:RULE(email)) to test for a rule and $(RULE:email) to output the value
- Can only sort on ping and game.  Would like to add map, players, etc
- Can't sort the player lists
- Host cache administration might be nice (re-verify command)
- Host cache sharing.  Use file locking to allow multiple qstats to
  share the same host cache.

Presence on the list above does not guarantee implementation!  Please
tell me what you want, even if it's listed above.

A host name cache can take a _long_ time to build the first time (30
minutes, minimum).  I will try to keep starter cache files on the QStat
web site.  The current cache file for servers in the QW masters
contains over 1000 entries.

I've included sample output templates for HTML.  They are not the
best HTML, but they demonstrate some of the neat tricks you can do.
If you use the templates with '-R', then server rules like email
and web will be output as links next to the server.  If you get
player status (-P), then a subtable is output with player info
formatted with the correct columns for the server type.  A sample
command line to use the templates:

qstat -f myservers.txt -Ts template/server1.html -Th template/header1.html
	-Tp template/player1.html -Tt template/trailer1.html > myservers.html

(The template files in qstat21z.zip have a ".htm" extension)

Finally, the id Quake II master has a bug (gasp!) that makes it _very_
slow to respond some times.  QStat tries to work-around the bug by
increasing the retry interval by 20 times while waiting for a response
from a Quake II master.  The retry interval is restored once all the
masters have been queried.

Thank you for your support.


Steve, steve@activesw.com
